(opening theme music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinking
hard right now ♪
♪ Cause, I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping
it secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ Till the walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your
contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ I'll be your
contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast, then you're
slow, slow, slow, slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your
contradiction ♪
The god that descended
over the arena
appears to have been
blown out of the sky
by Jaesan Jeon's attack.
Any response from Jaesan?
Not yet.
And none from Mandeok, either.
Are you're really
saying the kids
who were sent to the holy realm
are the only
defense we got left?
To consume all and then
return to nothingness.
This is to be my destiny.
That's the power
of that Key thing
they've been hunting for?
This is insane.
What does he think he is?
A god?
Mori!
What are you spacing out?
You know Seungah and the
others are in trouble.
Right now...
[Mori Jin] Daewi!
They've gotta be at
their limit by now.
That charyeok has been
protecting them this whole time.
Wait, really?
We should pull back now.
We should join up
with Ilpyo and...
Uh!
Moon Light Sword
Style, Number 7!
I will reduce everything
to nothingness.
(pained grunt)
(battle cry)
Take this!
(pained grunt)
There is no point.
All that awaits those who
defy God is a painful death.
You'd choose this path
just to satisfy your
pathetic ego and your pride?
No!
I'm gonna make you
pay for what you did!
To Ilpyo, to Seungah
and her sister,
to Daewi, to Mira,
You'd better apologize to my
friends and everyone you hurt!
My acupuncture is
a potent technique
that can draw forth
infinite power.
But one can't withstand using it
on many points simultaneously.
To seek both strength and
speed, one must be willing to...
Too late for that.
I've already gone
way past my limit!
(battle cry)
Let's bring
him down quick!
(battle cry)
Twin Blue Dragon Kick!
(grunts)
How can someone
be this powerful?
Mori!
(horse neighs)
Mori, you gotta hang in there!
(gasps)
Oh and don't expect your
death to be painless.
(gasps)
Get outta here.
Your Majesty!
Our attack preparations.
We are ready and standing by.
[Soldiers] On
your command!
There is no need for
you men to go anywhere.
Grow now.
Nyoibo!
It...
It can't...
That's why even the Key's
guardian couldn't...
That child is...
Seiten Taisei?
That's right.
I remember, this is my...
My goodness.
What on earth is this
creature Taejin Jin took in
and raised as his own?
Mori?
I see.
And what is this power?
Grow small, Nyoibo.
So, show me what you've got.
(battle efforts)
Don't you get it?
All powers are
at my mercy!
My nothingness will
consume them and you as well!
I told you before,
I'm gonna make you pay!
Grow, Nyoibo!
(grunts)
This is for Daewi!
This is for Mira!
(grunts)
For Seungah
and her sister!
(pained grunt)
And this one's for Ilpyo!
(gasps)
You're wrong.
Say you're sorry!
You're wrong!
I am not a loser!
(screaming)
Gather!
Kinto-un!
Rain down!
(screaming)
Again!
(gasps and murmurs)
But this...
This couldn't be.
Unlike us mere mortals.
Mori's power isn't
borrowed at all.
He has become a
god in the flesh.
No, he can't.
Lord Mandeok, we must go now.
Mori, are you...
If you even are Mori.
Oh!
[Both] Mori!
Hang in there!
Are you hurt?
(stomach rumbling)
I'm so hungry.
Okay, he's Mori.
That's him.
My memories are still
kind of mixed up.
I don't really
know what happened,
but then again I
think I kind of do?
Which is it?
Oh.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
[Both] Mori!
(pained struggle efforts)
Give me...
(gasps)
That power.
I demand you hand
over that power.
(growling)
That's one hell of a
grudge right there.
Seriously!
Give us a break!
(gasps)
Kinto-un!
Nyoibo!
Come here.
Just one more time!
Damn it! Can't
you hear me?
(pained grunt)
You know what?
You should rely on your friends.
Have more faith.
Ilpyo?
Idiot!
You shouldn't be up
moving around yet!
[Daewi Han] We sure are idiots.
And this kind of idiocy
can only be cured by death.
Well...
Idiot brigade, let's do this!
(kicking effort)
(punching effort)
(attack effort)
(smirks)
Lu Bu Fengxian!
Night Parade
of 100 Demons!
Argh!
Mori!
Get...
Going!
Time to end this!
Mori Jin Original:
The Imperial Divine Dragon Fang!
That didn't work?
(gasps)
(groaning)
One more shot!
Mommy, Mommy look.
There's some dragons.
(gasps murmuring)
[Taek's Mom]
I want you to go
and live a good life
for Mommy, okay?
(groaning)
(grunts)
(weak grunt)
Let go of me, trash.
Well, just try to
live a good life, now.
(grunts)
[Daewi] Were those
fragments of the Key?
Does that mean it was
freed from Taek's grasp?
I guess it's over.
Hello?
Anyone?
Hello.
Can anyone hear me?
What the heck's going on here?
Aww man I'm so totally lost.
Huh?
Oh!
(loud banging)
Are you okay?
Are you sure you're okay, Ilpyo?
I'm fine, you two.
Totally fine I swear!
Thanks.
If you hadn't saved
us, we'd probably be--
Nah.
All I did was a little
first aid you know?
Damn it, what the hell
has been going on here?
This stupid little girl woke
me up a whole two weeks early
and I don't appreciate it.
I'm real sorry!
Not to mention the fact
the holy realm's been
completely destroyed!
Damn that Mujin.
I told him over and over
again to be careful, but no.
And you're?
That's not how you greet
someone, you dumb ape!
Why don't you try
learning something
for once in your miserable life?
Does he know her?
Who knows?
Maybe his other version did.
I don't even know you!
And who the hell
you calling an ape?
You better show
a little respect!
Trust me, I'm a lot older
and far more important
than you are, monkey man.
Well, I'm not clear
on all the details.
But it looks like
the original goal
of the God of High School
has been fulfilled.
And you three are the only ones
who are still
standing at the end.
Which makes you
the final winners.
But who...
My name is Ungnyeo Kim.
The forebearer of the human race
and proud member of The Six!
(cooing)
Say what?
Are they some kind of
idol or comedy group?So lame.
Mujin, you idiot.
You could've at least
explained things to them.
Basically, I, the strongest,
most important person
involved in this tournament,
am standing before
you here and now
to grant any one wish
to the lucky winners.
(surprised)
Wish?
Any wish?
Then I want my grandpa back.
I want him back now.
(gasps)
[Ungnyeo Kim] I
will grant any wish.
The only thing
outside my abilities
is bringing the
dead back to life.
But any wish other
than that is fair game.
I don't need to make a wish.
I've decided to revive the
Moon Light Sword myself,
so that's what I'll do.
Same here.
Wish for whatever
you want, alright.
(sighs)
Okay.
Then heal everyone
hurt in this battle!
Make them all good as new.
Exactly the way
they were before!
Very well.
(gasps)
Ilpyo.
Thank goodness!
Seungah, I'm glad
you're in one piece!
(laughs)
She did it.
She healed them.
What did I tell you?
My power has
certain limitations.
It can only work on the living.
What the heck?
You're tiny now!
-You're tiny now!
-Well yeah duh,
I ran out of power because
someone woke me up two
whole weeks early.
Ooh!
She shrank!
That's right, I shrank!
What of it?
You got something else to say?
Huh?
So you've grown from a little
dumb ape to a big one. I keep
telling you, I'm not an ape!
What is your deal lady?
Taejin Jin is alive.
He's weak but I still sense
his presence among the living.
Okay.
Yeah!
[Both] Mori!
Don't worry about him.
He's exhausted all his
strength, so he konked out.
That's all.
(snoring)
A bastard like you had the honor
of a glorious death but...
You cheated me out
of my chance at one!
Grow up, Big Brother.
Look at you, getting all
sentimental in your old age.
So, I heard Ungnyeo awakened?
[Bongchim Nah] Yeah, what of it?
Well, have you sorted
out your feelings yet?
I heard you cried
three days and nights
when she rejected you.
Whoa, sorry!
-Shut your mouth!
-Low blow!
Wait, stop!
The recovery is
proceeding smoothly
but it'll take time for
the public anxiety to dissipate.
We have a unique
opportunity
to seize this
country, take control,
by winning the
next election
with one of us
as president.
The world is about to change.
(smirks)
(applauding)
(gasps)
♪ La la la la
la la la la ♪
♪ Cause we know that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la
♪ (grunts)
(sniffing)
What is that
mouth-watering smell
wafting straight from heaven!
Huh?
Daewi? Mira?
He woke up today.
Wow.
Exactly like Ungnyeo
predicted he would.
You were asleep for
three months, you know.
(stomach rumbling)
I'm starving.
Ohh-oh, looks tasty!
Welp, don't mind if I do!
Did Ilpyo and everybody
else leave already?
[Ungnyeo Kim] So then,
you're the Key's guardian?
Uh, yeah.
Or I guess I am.
Fragments of the Key
have scattered to
locations around the world.
Which means that
as its guardian,
you must gather them
and reunite the pieces.
What is the Key?
I don't really know.
A fearsome power
bestowed upon humans
that allows them to
break the divine taboo.
Humans cannot kill gods.
That is the restriction
imposed by the deities
who feared the potential
of the humans' power.
But when the Key's
power is unleashed,
that taboo is destroyed.
It makes a mere human
capable of pulling gods
out of the holy realm
and easily killing them.
Does Mori, I mean, Seiten
Taisei have that power, too?
I dunno why you're asking me.
Like I told you, my
memories are still super fuzzy.
Ooh, my eye!
Yeah.
I kinda figured that.
According to Ungnyeo,
your memories have been
sealed away from you.
And to unseal them,
you gotta travel to
Seiten Taisei's homeland.
Hm?
His homeland?
That sounds like fun!
Let's do it!
You always just dive
right in without thinking!
But you know.
I'm kinda interested, too.
Seems like it'd
be great training.
I dunno what do you think?
Jeez!
This is exactly why you
two are hopeless without me.
You never think things through!
All right!
Man, the three of us will
get even stronger together!
Just wait, Grandpa!
I promise I'll find
you, no matter what!
I see that he's
finally quieted down.
He's a precious sacrifice.
He'll be the one to
bring us a new God.
(exhales)
Mori...
You are strong.
I know you can win.
Against the gods, against fate.
Most of all, against me.